{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Street Interview Script \'96 IPL Deep Fake\
\
Interviewer:\
\'93Hey cricket fans, we\'92re out here talking IPL stats \'97 let\'92s see what people think!\'94\
\
Question 1:\
\'93Did you know that winning the toss only gives a fifty-two percent chance of winning the match? Barely an advantage!\'94\
\
Fan Response:\
\'93Wow, I always thought the toss mattered more \'97 but looks like it\'92s almost fifty-fifty!\'94\
\
Question 2:\
\'93Who\'92s more impactful: Virat Kohli, with five thousand four hundred thirty-four runs, or Lasith Malinga, with one hundred eighty-eight wickets?\'94\
\
Fan Response:\
\'93Kohli for the consistency, but honestly, Malinga\'92s yorkers won matches single-handedly.\'94\
\
Question 3:\
\'93Chris Gayle smashed three hundred twenty-seven sixes \'97 what does that say about his playing style?\'94\
\
Fan Response:\
\'93Explosive! If Gayle\'92s at the crease, you know balls are flying into the stands.\'94\
\
Question 4:\
\'93So, if you\'92re a coach and want three extra wins next season \'97 do you invest in batting or bowling?\'94\
\
Fan Response:\
\'93I\'92d say bowlers. Tight death overs can flip close games!\'94\
\
Question 5:\
\'93Final stat \'97 IPL matches average three hundred eleven runs and nearly twelve wickets per game. Pure entertainment, right?\'94\
\
Fan Response:\
\'93Absolutely! That\'92s why IPL is the most exciting cricket league in the world!\'94\
}